we're currently in abasan in the city of
kanun the destruction is massive we have
been talking to people and we have been
going to them with them to their houses
they're saying that there is nothing
left and the only reason while people
are not going back to their houses is
for two main reasons the first reason is
there's no infrastructure there's no
electricity and there's no water like
even if they want to put and set up
their tent here everywhere is rubble and
rocks and it needs very big and huge
equipment to clean up the area for them
to put their tents and the second thing
is that they do not trust the Israeli
forces to invade kanun once again just
like they did in the north uh of the
Gaza City in uh Gaza where they stormed
uh ala hospital after they withdrawed
from the area as you see people came are
coming back trying to take whatever is
left uh from their houses some clothes
some Lenin some blankets as you see the
streets are
completely demolished the infra
structure have been severely damaged and
everyone is telling us they do not
recognize their houses they do not
recognize their areas where these
neighborhoods have been
completely bombed and and and and like
flattened to the
ground the people and the residents of
kanun are all very frustrated they're
all very depressed from the amount of
Destruction in their city they're saying
that they can't go back to their houses
because there's simply no houses if the
house was not bombed it's burned if it's
not burned it's partially damaged and
despite the Israelis withdrawal from
this area they're still homeless and
displaced this is hind alaz abasan
kanun make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer